# deadlock-prevention
my project is about avoidance of deadlock in a multithreaded program using dynamic analysis.A tool named JADE is used to implement this project and see how efficient is this.there are totally six modules in this project.and those are as follows.reachable: In some execution of the program, can a thread abstracted by ta reach la1 and, after  acquiring a lock at la1 , proceed to reach la2 while still holding the lock (and similarly for tb, lb1, lb2)? aliasing: In some execution of the program, can a lock acquired at la 1 be the same as a lock acquired at lb2 (and similarly for la 2 , lb1)? escaping: In some execution of the program, can a lock acquired at la 1 be accessible from more than one thread (and similarly for each of la 2 , lb 1, and lb 2)? parallel: In some execution of the program, can different threads abstracted by ta and tb simultaneously reach la 2 and lb 2, respectively? non-reentrant: In some execution of the program, can a thread abstracted by ta acquire a lock at la 1 it does not already hold and, while holding that lock, proceed to acquire a lock at la 2 it does not already hold (and similarly for tb, lb 1, lb 2)? If the thread acquires the same lock it already holds then the second lock acquisition cannot cause a deadlock as locks are reentrant in Java. non-guarded: In some execution of the program, can different threads abstracted by ta and tb reach la 1 and Lb 1, respectively, without holding a common lock? If the two threads already hold a common lock then we call it a guarding lock (also called a gate lock [10]).coding has to be done for implementing all these six modules.so i would request you ppl to provide me with a source code for all these six modules.your contributions would be so helpful for me to complete my project.thank you.
